Rename/vbrListMethods to VBR_list_methods (#112)
vbr-calc/vbr: README.md

> The VBR Calculator nominally works in GNU Octave, but you may find that you need to install some packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VBR Calculator works with [GNU Octave](https://octave.sourceforge.io/io/index.html) as well as MATLAB. Some of the `Projects/` may require additional packages. For how to install GNU Octave and additional packages, see:
* https://octave.sourceforge.io/io/index.html
* https://octave.org/doc/interpreter/Installing-and-Removing-Packages.html
```

> https://octave.sourceforge.io/io/index.html https://octave.sourceforge.io/statistics/index.html https://octave.org/doc/interpreter/Installing-and-Removing-Packages.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Getting Help

> See the full documentation page on [Contributing and Getting Help](https://vbr-calc.github.io/vbr/contrib/contributing/) for ways to reach out or [post a github issue](https://github.com/vbr-calc/vbr/issues/new)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bug reports, please open a [github issue](https://github.com/vbr-calc/vbr/issues/new). For general questions, join the VBRc slack channel and ask in the #vbr-help channel (join the slack from the invite link on the [Contributing and Getting Help](https://vbr-calc.github.io/vbr/contrib/contributing/) page).
```

# Contributing to the VBRc

The VBRc is open to community contributions! New methods, new examples, documentation fixes, bug fixes!

We follow a typical open source workflow. To submit new features:

> - create your fork of the VBRc repo
> - checkout a new branch
> - do work on your new branch
> - push those changes to your fork on github
> - submit a pull request back to the main VBRc repo

Reviewer: I'm guessing your IDE auto-changed this. I'd rather keep the * syntax for the unorded list though.
```suggestion
* create your fork of the VBRc repo
* checkout a new branch
* do work on your new branch
* push those changes to your fork on github
* submit a pull request back to the main VBRc repo
```
